[#297] Update release-template description (#411)
nimblehq/android-templates: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE/RELEASE_TEMPLATE.md

Link to the milestone on Github e.g. https://github.com/nimblehq/git-templates/milestone/41?closed=1
or
Link to the project management tool for the release
Link to the milestone on Github, example: https://github.com/nimblehq/android-templates/milestone/1?closed=1

## Features

Provide the ID and title of the issue in the section for each type (feature, chore and bug). The link is optional.

- [ch1234] As a user, I can log in
  or
- [[ch1234](https://github.com/nimblehq/git-templates/issues/1234)] As a user, I can log in
Provide the IDs of the issues in each section (feature, chore and bug), example:
- #410
- #415

## Chores
- Same structure as in  ## Feature

## Bugs

> - Same structure as in  ## Feature

Reviewer: I think we should keep these hints.

Link to the milestone on Github, example: https://github.com/nimblehq/android-templates/milestone/1?closed=1

## Features

> Provide the IDs of the issues in each section (feature, chore and bug), example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Provide the issue numbers in each section (feature, chore and bug), example:
```

Author: @lydiasama @ryan-conway Resolved 🤖

Link to the milestone on Github, example: https://github.com/nimblehq/android-templates/milestone/1?closed=1

## Features

> Provide the issue numbers in each section (feature, chore and bug), example:

Reviewer: I think it should be `issue IDs` instead of `issue numbers` https://docs.github.com/en/rest/issues/issues?apiVersion=2022-11-28#list-issues-assigned-to-the-authenticated-user. `Number` would be confusing here.

Reviewer: GitHub calls it `number` sometimes, nvm 👍 https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue#linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue-using-a-keyword
